chore: update arc42 runtime-view scenarios with data sovereignty doma… (#1048)
catenax-ng/tx-traceability-foss: docs/src/docs/arc42/runtime-view/data-sovereignty/return_asset_contracts.adoc

= Scenario 1: Return Asset Contract Agreements

> This section describes what happens when a user requests contract agreements from Trace-X via the /contracts API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes what happens when a user requests contract agreements from Trace-X via the /contracts API.
```
```suggestion
This section describes functioanlity and the behavior in case a user requests contract agreements from Trace-X via the Trace-X contracts API (/contracts).
```

[plantuml,target=return-all-assets,format=svg]
....
include::../../../../uml-diagrams/arc42/runtime-view/data-sovereignty/get-all-contracts-sequenceflow.puml[]
....

==== Overview

> When a user requests contract agreements, TraceX checks if the user has an adequate role ('ROLE_ADMIN', 'ROLE_SUPERVISOR').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case an user requests contract agreements, Trace-X checks if user has required roles ('ROLE_ADMIN', 'ROLE_SUPERVISOR').
```

> If yes, then the requested assets will be mapped to their contract agreement id via a database view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If yes, then the requested assets will be mapped to the related contract agreement id via a database view.
```

> If yes, then the requested assets will be mapped to their contract agreement id via a database view.

Reviewer: database view is a technical details what has to deep level here

> These contract agreement ids will be then requested on EDC side via POST/management/v2/contractagreements/request and GET /management/v2/contractagreements/\{ContractAgreementId\}/negotiation to get the relevant information.

Reviewer: Please format api endpoints and http request for a better understanding for the customer please describe the api in more general and set the endpoint in ()

> The result is then returned by the endpoint as a pageable result.

Reviewer: Please describe the result

> If no asset ids are provided in the request, the first 50 contract agreement ids in the database view will be returned.

Reviewer: Please describe sort order what means first?
